in this day of the hearings as just the guy.
Secretary of the Army Stevens, again on the weapon stand,
there's some speculation as to whether the committee
will be able to finish with Mr. Stevens today, if so.
The next weapon is tomorrow is expected to be John Adams,
the Department of the Army counselor,
who is one of the principals in this controversy
with Senator McCarthy.
All of us.
Senator Muim, the acting chairman of the Senate
investigating subcommittee, I just call the session
to order has been making a couple of announcements.
So let's turn to the chairman's seat at this time.
Any members?
Level there in the rockatories directly at the point of issue.
And I think we'll move in the direction of speeding the hearings,
which is certainly an eventuality,
which all members of the committee equally share.
So now let me ask you first of all,
Mr. Secretary, after refreshing your memory
and giving us new thoughts and solving
with whoever you don't should consult last night,
whether you prefer to add just any specific allegations
of him's offer conduct,
or those which you had made in survival, Mr. Carter.
And if the chair is correct in his memory at the moment,
those allegations are twofold.
One, that he sat in the presence of the senator
and the ordinance before when they were talking to you
about China and did nothing to stop them
from talking to you about China.
And the other that you object to a statement
which he made in the memoranda, which has been printed.
And since the memoranda were printed,
it's subsequent to your original 34 charges of violation.
You have that with not one of the allegations
you were making against Mr. Carter, original.
Now, will you answer the question from whatever data
and the reference you may have been able to gather
from the on-demo agent, specifically concerning Mr. Carter,
both before and after the induction of private shine,
and I shall ask you the same questions
from Shining-Centen and McCrathy and Mr. Carter.
Mr. Chairman, you have asked me to summarize
and segregate my testimony with respect
to the improv of means which were, to my knowledge,
used by Frank Caw, executive director
of the staff of the subcommittee,
to obtain preferential treatment for a G-David Chan.
Yesterday, I stated in substance,
that if the only evidence produced in these hearings
against Mr. Carter was he's turned up to my office
on a provost act of 1953, I will put it if I was just.
However, I believe that before these hearings are concluded,
substantial evidence implicating Mr. Carter,
in the course of time that pursued by Senator McCaw,
the endist staff, will be brought forward.
In addition, I do not believe that if it's possible,
you'll find it right.
Yes, I'm one of what it was determined.
I just like interrupting the secretary,
but since one of the very important matters
to decide about the committee is probably not
the secretary's memory is correct
when he recites us, recites us,
Ghana, months ago, I think of his crop
on now to show that after he's expressing his recollection
of the last night that he's still
retestifying from memory, he is now reading
to my doctor about how that's going to declare in the record.
I think that's proper, and I'll do that to show
that that isn't according to the fact that the record is
absolutely correct.
You may continue to read, I worked on it.
It's very good.
Very good.
This is your document with you preparing yourself.
Mr. Secretary.
In compenetour, my counsel, company with you, doctor.
Will you be in addition, I do not believe that it's possible
to segregate Mr. Carr's conduct from bad news associates.
However, I was a question which you must
call him at least a thought.
Mr. Carr pulled on me with Mr. Roy calling on our 4th
second 1953.
When they were in my office that day,
I considered that they was there for a common purpose.
And that Mr. Carr was faced with on the half of Sean.
That was Mr. Carr's approval.
As I have said before, Mr. Carr did most
of the talking on this occasion, as well as on others.
But at no time during the conversation,
did Mr. Carr take exception to Mr. Carr's action?
Or in any way, it has to disassociate himself
from the subject of the special assignment for Mr. Sean.
It's a very fast, but he was the executive director
of the subcommittee's fire and did not object,
and now it's not for the convenience of the subcommittee
to make a special assignment for one
of the support, one of his supporters.
That's me with a definite question that he fully
concurred in Mr. Carr's position.
Mr. Carr, Mr. Truman, you're a pilot.
Is this a new theory of guilt by fellow employees?
I think that's a proper question for the subject
of the interviewer asking he's on top.
I would appreciate it if no experience
to close the unless we have to counsel points
of origin would be made to interrupt the interagency
of the time the relevant to engage.
We'll be the subject of that.
Mr. Chairman.
Finally, what is the little bit of an assay of a...
There's no one who feels more strongly about us going on.
I can assure you there will be no interruptions.
And last but not least, I think it's important.
Thank you, man.
I do think it's important now to make a point of order
that the secretary is trying to impute guilt
by his violence, Mr. Carr.
I will cover it in my cross-examination.
I don't have to tell everyone.
Let's check it out.
I never thought that would be correct.
If we're all going to make speeches,
then I'm going to reserve the right to make one too directly.
Now, I hope we can proceed with the expedition
of the business of hand, but this interrupt
that's to make speeches is not calculated
to expedite the hearing of Mr. Carr.
I've been chairing what it means with the dismissal
of Mr. Herrmann and the McClellan.
And I think that the last point of order
is that the time that the European is made
is to tell what have to discontinue the practice
of recognizing time to show a council on close to work.
Mr. Carr, we have an misleading responsibility
to complete the fair of the patient.
If the letter is a bunch of letters,
I'm sure the councilman's done it.
And no one else from the following case
back down to have some report idea at least
by the father's order actually hits.
Mr. Carr, I'm in the company.
Mr. Carr, I'm in the office.
I do intend to interrupt.
Whenever I find a place with dishonesty
in the part of a witness, but at that point of order
and outfit, Mr. Carr moves me out of the car.
If you were out of the room, then I don't have time.
You may not, because you rules of the committee
are very clear that there ought to be no interruptions
at any time except on points of order
dealing with relevancy and matured of it.
We are equally clear that the senator
will have his turn at last for 10 minutes,
but he can ask the question that he thinks should be asked.
Mr. Carr, we have Mr. Senator Kim Jeren
as the right to ask the question to the council.
He wanted to have asked, and to get the answers he desired.
Mr. Carr, on the chair, does that propose
to be interrupted by points of order,
which are not in fact the right to question.
Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
Mr. Pointer, on the other hand, I am back to watching
to my thoughts with the office rules.
I didn't know, as we adopted a rule,
that a senator just firmly bring up the point of order.
I thought that when we wanted to ask the chair,
a question, we had the right to do that.
I can see no reason why we should not
be discussing.
We have a question.
Mr. Jackson, may I have a chair,
I'm listening.
You can't listen to both of them once.
I know that the two areas that can listen
to both of them once.
I see no reason why I should clarify.
Mr. Chairman, this will matter of
the amount of importance to me and my staff,
and I don't think anyone can hear us
when you're interrupting unless it's very,
but I do.
I see how you're going to do with the council,
Mr. Bruce.
I do listen to Chairman.
Thank you for the privilege of being with us.
I do think that number one,
I should be able to raise the point of order.
Number two, when I have a question of the chair,
I think it should be able to ask that question.
I sure would say that there will be no questions
and ask unless I think they're important.
But I think we should have a right.
Mr. Chairman, if the chair may respond like you say,
it is quite clear that the rules of our committee
were adopted with meetings of which the senator
was not heard, because he was not
a voting member of the subcommittee.
But the rules of the committee are quite clear.
They have been published.
I'm sure the senator has a copy of it.
All the chair can do is to enforce
that we're adopted unanimously.
They state very specifically that we should rather
clear-cut in.
That there should be no interruptions at any time,
except on points of order.
And the points of order are to be limited to relevancy
and materiality.
So for that reason, the chair feels
that when members of the Senate or a council
is adding interruptions to the point of order,
they can state that point of order.
So we can tell whether or not it is in fact
the point of order to be heard briefly on it
at the pleasure of the chair.
And then the ruling will have to be made.
And if all of us will be trained ourselves accordingly,
we can expedite the hearings.
We think the thing completely fair,
we provided that every member of the Senate
and all of us would have 10 minutes in which he
in-train could receive that interruptions.
And that's that.
Round table of procedure would continue until all
interrogations had been made.
Mr. Chair, Senator Jackson.
Senator Jackson.
I want to commend the chair for the point of order, Mr. Chairman.
All right.
I'll say the point.
If he's ready to commend the chair, please
go ahead and vote for him.
I vote for him.
He's a few.
You think your fire is going to work on this.
I have no idea.
All of the objections to this.
Mr. Chairman, it is my understanding that the
distinguished chairman of the Senate
heard from South Dakota as we stated the rule that apply in
this year.
Am I correct?
That's correct.
And the chair I'm against.
And I hope that those rules will continue to be
adhered to as the chairman has so effectively stated to
me.
I for one want to back him up 100% and say to us that they
are carried out in the interest of expedition of Newter.
Thank you very much.
And the chair will endeavor to do his best.
By the border of underfunded.
I'd like to make it short observation.
And that ends it.
The fine statement you may cannot.
Does not result in these hearings proceeding in the
foiled lay in expeditious fashion.
But when we meet together tomorrow at 10 o'clock, as a
committee would counsel, we discuss changing the rule so
that the hearings can proceed in an orderly fashion.
Mr. Chairman.
Yes, fine.
I'd like to bring forth a point where some of her findings
and doubts suggest that the change of the ground rules that
went through the game.
As the chair will know.
I went through from this committee on a point of someone
to take my place.
On conditions that we adopt certain ground rules of those
rules not to change.
And any attempt to change the ground rules halfway to the
game.
After the clear subject, understanding that with Mr.
Simonton was corrupt, I think would be completely
improper and disunct.
And the chair said that he had no intention at the moment
to change in the ground rules.
He does want to try to make him approach them as big as he
was possible to be allowed to be scared of all parties in
certain.
And one way to make them work effectively is the members of
the committee and counsel will refrain from making any
more points of words than they do at absolutely
attention.
Mr. Chairman.
I would like to make a comment.
It is my understanding that the members of the committee.
But trying to live up to the rules.
If we do live up to the ground rules, they've been called.
As they have been set prior to the start of these hearings,
I am hardly in favor of those ground rules.
There's been an individual or any member of the committee
or anybody else attempts to violate those rules.
And if I may respectfully say so, sir, I believe the
chairman and the committee and the council to take those
necessary to say that the rules are carried out.
I'm pleased with the test.
I mean, I'm sorry.
I'm highly pleased about the question.
I'm glad.
Well, I'm glad to have you.
I'm glad to have you.
We're making a statement here.
But you can make it out.
It's beginning of the paragraph with a sentence.
So we can get the continuity and continue.
So before I do, Mr. Chairman, I say with the very
deepest conviction that I deeply resent the suggestion
by the senator from Wisconsin that the duty is born with us.
I am taking what he called guilty of.
I have a way to resolve this.
I object to that.
I think you should proceed now.
I just need to.
What the car is buried in what transpires during that
conference is a matter of record in Houston, M.M.
and of the state, which has been released by a certain
member of the car.
In that number, M.M.
Mr. Car makes smaller attempts to just associate himself
from Roy Colm or from any part of the discussion of the
Army future of Mr. Sean.
Again, on November 6, 1953, Mr. Car was present in my
office this time with Senator McCarthy and Roy Colm.
The matter and I'm released by Senator McCarthy
concerning this conference again makes no efforts to
disassociate Mr. Car from the others present.
Now, was I given any reason to assume that he was there
for any different purpose?
It was at this conference that a request was made to
make private-shine available for subcommittee business
while at 4.6.
I am not now able to give any exact statement made by
Mr. Car on this occasion.
But I am cleared that the indicators know this approval of
the position taken by Senator McCarthy and by Mr. Colm
with respect to part of the Sean.
And I'm also cleared of Mr. Car in his official capacity as
executive director of the staff of this subcommittee.
If he had not agreed with Senator McCarthy and Mr. Colm
as to the subcommittee's needs for private-shine,
he would have expressed his disagreement.
This he did not do.
My next problem is to call at a luncheon with Senator McCarthy
at the Cal Arms Hotel on December 10.
On this occasion, Senator McCarthy requested that
I assign private-shine to New York City after eight
weeks of basic training.
In order to provide the Sean, Mike, and another thing
the examined textbooks used at West Point.
During this luncheon, Mr. Colm, Mr. Car again remained
relatively silent.
However, I considered that he was present at the request of
Senator McCarthy as executive director of the subcommittee
staff, and again, he expressed no disapproval of what
the senator said.
I considered that all of these acts were part of a pattern
of pressure being exerted under the form of the arm
to obtain special treatment for Mr. Sean.
I am sure that Mr. Carl will be given every opportunity
for the final conduct and to display him any responsibility
for or concurred in the conduct that his associates
if he so does not.
And I think he should be given that opportunity in respect
to each of the occasions on which he is alleged
to have been a participant.
But the unimized statement.
You know, that is one of the statements that you appeared
in your presentation today for 13,
unless in the conclusion that you failed to hear,
you did not refer to the meeting on November 60,
where you were raised in that statement to honor about
November 16, 1953, Mr. Colm and Mr. Car.
We knew the facts that I was cited in terms of you,
leveled above this time directing them to respect the
current statements.
That's what they said.
But that's item number 12 of this specification.
On page three, November 16.
Well, you know, the eyeing that then,
and you're almost coming to make it from that,
or Chairman, I was given a great deal of mindboards
for those.
I'm so of my desire.
And we might have made an omission.
If we have, if the system is played over site,
my life will have to have some little share.
Would be very happy to have you testify on this one,
then for me, because if you do it most of the night
to try and review the situation and bring it back
until the fourth one of your mind,
I would think you should testify on this incident,
perhaps for a member.
I know the finding climate and sincerity
have won a heavy mind.
Great.
Well, I have testified in regards to that meeting
at last, the first out of the month.
I don't want you to be back into the meeting except in
Safari, Mr. Carr, present to you.
That's as I was hearing this charge.
I'd like to have you know whether you can give you a
audible test or a physical test or by gesture,
or whether it was just a test,
or you don't even know the fact you were present
in that time.
He didn't sit strong.
Very well, I did anything.
Well, this was, this meeting on the 16th of November
was, came a thousand, the first instance.
Those are the first conference that I held on the 12th
November.
And let's do a little bit.
Call on.
Mr. Carr.
Call on me.
And for a major academy, Safari, I would have to be
very good at that.
I'd love to get my fellow fellow out of my mind.
Yes, I would have answered this question before you.
Mr. Martin, higher.
I'm a man.
Social man.
Which is about a three four.
When we were still at some 13 hours in the school,
three three times before my time comes on again,
you'll have about another hour.
And I'm afraid nothing is going to hurt the people.
Thank you.
Have another hour.
I'll send him a phone.
Mr. Secretary, you say you have been with a well occupied
during the last evening.
That's the one we recess.
I ask you if you might get up for us the number of man hours
that have been consumed on the part of the army by reason
of this controversy, by reason of your allegations
that undue pressure has been applied in order
to secure preferential treatment for Mr. Sean.
Did you, were you able to work on that last night?
What I would have accomplished at a time was then.
Then, as a secretary, if you're not
having been able to complete it, I would have far
met him for such time as you may be able to supply.
In the meantime, in the interest of expediting these hearings
to open inclusion, I shall not ask any other questions.
I'm going to ask the chairman of his eyes.
He's telling you, he's temporarily detained on the floor
that he does have some applications for Secretary Stevens
and will be here shortly.
And go ahead and have a second rejection.
Secretary, the secretary, to report to the agreement
that for date was referenced to the granting of taxes
to private China.
In fairness to some of them, a private aid
can you say that he necessary knew about all of the requests
from Mr. Colme and or Mr. Carp for his release.
Mr. Sean, private China's release from the from court
dates from time to time in connection with committee bill.
No, Senator Jackson, I could not make that statement.
So that it's configurable that Senator McCarthy might not
have known about the various requests made on the base
to mangrove and indoor officers at four days.
That's perfectly possible.
And then by a tool, and that's why you sent Mr. Adams
to the seat center of the McCartney about the Hugh Hunter
Lawton.
Oh, yes, I heard about it.
And Mr. Adams was sent to the seat center of the McCartney.
All right.
I'd hear what had to testify on that.
You don't know, I don't know.
I believe that was what I was in the 40s.
Now, there's one other matter that I would like to see
if we can't, as possible, get cleared out.
There's been a lot of thoughts here
and in response to questions about the suspension
of hearings or investigations in connection
with the Ford Mama's matter.
Am I correct in understanding from all of your testimony
up to now that you never requested a suspension
of the investigation by Senator McCarthy's committee?
Well, Senator Jackson has the meeting
and we are on our film of 40.
I got the impression that Senator McCarthy was about to turn.
A little bit to the arm.
And back to the next slide.
An incorrect infighting.
Homestactory, in your mind, did you make a distinction
between the suspension of an investigation
and the suspension of a hearing?
I certainly did.
All right, would you explain what best distinction is?
I just try and clarify this record if it's possible.
Well, the difference in my mind was
that the committee of Congresses embarked on investigation,
that type of investigation ought to run just as long as the committee
wants it to run without any interference
or suggestion by anybody.
Then I assume that you have no objection.
Is that right?
I have no judge of the investigation.
That's right.
None whatsoever.
The thing that I objected to was the type of hearing
that was being held, which was resulting in very exaggerated
headlines that had little relation to the facts
that were being developed at Sportmont.
Well, how did that result?
Will you just explain how did the hearing,
it was an executive hearing, I understand,
that was being held.
How did that result in what you referred to as an exaggerated result?
Well, it's from Senator McCarthy's summary
of what transpired as the executive hearing
when he came out of the hearing and addressed the press.
And they would take, naturally, what Senator McCarthy told him.
That would be the basis of the story.
And it gave indication, for example,
that quite a bit of S.B. Anage was going on at Sportmontment.
As I repeatedly testified, I did not.
In November, no of any conduct at Sportmontment,
and I did not know.
Well, then, do I understand your testimony correctly
that what you wanted was a suspension of that type of hearing,
which resulted in those summary statements
to the press after an executive session?
Is that what you wanted?
That's what I wanted.
I wanted to stop this famine over the head of the heart.
And you did not ask for a suspension, termination,
or the investigation by the government.
No, sir.
I'm sorry.
Senator Potter.
Mr. Secretary, and reply to question by Senator Jackson,
who stated that, if your impression of S. Sunday McCarthy
had more or less agreed to turn over the investigation of
Sportmontment over to the arm, is that?
I got to have him question.
Now, what behavior that impression was it?
Well, yes.
He had his hearings had been going for about a week.
And I think that he felt that he'd gotten the thing started
from the standpoint of this committee.
And he would be satisfied to have the Army carried along
and report to him on progress.
And he would undertake something else.
Now, that was my impression.
Can you recall any conversation that you had
to send to McCarthy concerning this meeting, concerning the committee?
I've read an along the Army to carry on his high expectations.
I can't recall the actual language he was to Senator Potter.
No, I've received that impression.
But you don't know whether you can't justify.
That's then the McCarthy said, well, you can carry on
the investigation and will step on the picture.
No, I don't think he said it that way.
Mr. Chairman, it's good by me in order to expedite
the this hearing.
I looked just on the second hearing,
continuing with the documents that he was reading the jury
request.
That's a terrible idea.
You present a happy ending?
I'll help you in the information out.
Mr. Secretary, I've made the due completed your summation
of these specific charges concerning Mr. Car.
I mean, with the exception of this one that has been omitted,
one being unethanomitted, right?
Now I'd like to ask you if you cared
or if you'd report on these specific allegations
made concerning Mr. Car.
That was a half of Mr. Shine.
These great statements are, of course, Mr. Chairman
and Senator Potter, an attempt that
has synopsis and segregation of testimony
concerning these individuals, because I've
testified of great lengths with respect
to my personal knowledge of all of these matters.
And it's very hard to put the boil it all down
to a very simple statement.
But I have a time for to do that.
This is a very personal statement to the
President's brief time that's been available.
Synopsis and segregation of testimony
concerning Mr. Car.
Roy Car was probably the principal force of the pressure
brought upon the Department of the Army
to obtain special treatment for G. David Shine.
Most of the pressure was brought to bear upon other members
of the Department of the Army, who
reported his efforts to me from Pond to Tom.
My first personal contact with Colin on the subject of Sean
was on October 2, 1953.
He and Frank Car visited my office.
Mr. Chairman.
At that time, Mr. Colin was present
as being able to assign Sean to the New York City immediately
upon his induction in the Army without any basic training.
I finally send him a copy of when you were in the US.
I just wonder if they have time for a quick time.
Now please report her.
Show it all to my many witnesses.
Readings for documents.
Please test the time without a document.
I think that may be very important later on.
The course is complete.
I'm currently present when you report a note
that you were talking about being
registered for entities.
Reaching.
I'm not interested in the PR.
October 27.
Mr. Colin called me from New York.
And after telling me that Sean was to be inducted on November 3,
I asked me to grant Sean a two-week follow.
During his call, Mr. Colin also suggested
that Sean might be used by the Central Intelligence Agency.
As a result of this and another call with Mr. Colin
on October 31, Sean was given two-week temporary duty
as soon as he was inducted.
The length of this duty was subsequently reduced
at the request of Senator McCarthy.
On November 6, Senator McCarthy, Mr. Colin and Mr.
Colin were in my office for an extended conference.
Mr. Colin participated in the request
that Sean be made available for committee business
while at court did.
Following this, I believe that the context
of Mr. Colin regarding Sean, we're
by Mr. Adam and other personnel in the Department of the Army.
Mr. Colin, I'm sorry.
Mr. Colin, I understand you also have a synopsis of your conversations
with Senator McCarthy on the same issue.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
And you're also a little bit reading something.
The documents that are cited.
Chairman, order to ask the director here to introduce
if you give that to him.
Synopsis and segregation of testimony
concerning Senator McCarthy.
I shall attempt to summarize my testimony
with respect to what I consider the improper pressure
brought upon me by Senator McCarthy in order
to obtain special treatment for David Sean,
both the boy of conduction and the Army and their after.
My first contact with Senator McCarthy,
at which the presence of David Sean was discussed,
was on September 16, 1953.
On this occasion, the Senator asked me
for a direct commission from Mr. Sean, even though it had previously
been the challenge that he would not
qualify for a direct commission in the Army.
On this occasion, Senator McCarthy also suggested
that Mr. Sean be made a special assistant.